Data quality (#115)
stitchfix/hamilton: decorators.md

                   if 'my_tag_value' == o.tags.get('my_tag_key')]
output = dr.execute(desired_outputs)
```

## @check_output

The `@check_output` decorator enables you to add simple data quality checks to your code.

For example:

```python
import pandas as pd
import numpy as np
from hamilton.function_modifiers import check_output

@check_output(
    datatype=np.int64,
    data_in_range=(0,100),
)
def some_int_data_between_0_and_100() -> pd.Series:
    pass
```

> The check_output validator takes in arguments that each correspond to one of the default validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The check_output decorator takes in arguments that each correspond to one of the default validators. For a list of default available validators see ....
```
